Who are you?
How would you describe yourself?
What are you passionate about?
What personal achievements are you most proud of?
What are you most grateful for? (Day 14 of Live a Better Life in 30 Days Program is about expressing gratitude.)
What are the most important things to you in life?
What are your values? What do you represent? What do you want to embody? (Day 15 of Live a Better Life in 30 Days Program is about identifying your values.)
Do you love yourself?
Why or why not? What do you love most about yourself?
How can you love yourself more today?
What is your ideal self?
Look at your life now. Are you living the life of your dreams? Why or why not?
If you have one year left to live, what would you do?
If you have one week left to live, what would you do?
If you have one day left to live, what would you do?
If you have one minute left to live, what would you do?
What would you do today if there were no tomorrow?
What are the biggest things you’ve learned in life to date?
What advice would you give to your younger self?
Let’s say you are your future self. What advice would you give to your present self? (On Day 22 of Live a Better Life in 30 Days Program, we travel to the future to give advice to the us today.)
Is there something you’re still holding on to? Is it time to let it go?
What are you busy with today? Will this matter in 1 year? 3 years? 5 years?
What are your Quadrant 2 tasks? How can you start working on them?
What opportunities are you looking for now?
How can you create these opportunities?
What are your biggest goals and dreams?
Is there anything stopping you from pursuing them? Why? How can you address these factors?
If you were to do something for free for the rest of your life, what would you want to do?
What would you do if you cannot fail; if there were no limitations in money, resources, time, or networks?
What do you want to achieve in 1 year?
…3 years?
…5 years?
…10 years?
How important are these goals to you?
What if these goals are doubled? Tripled? Magnified by 10? How would you feel? Would you prefer to achieve these or your previous goals?
Who are the people who have achieved similar goals? What can you learn from them?
Are you putting any parts of your life on hold? Why?
What’s the top priority in your life right now? What are you doing about it?
If you were to die tomorrow, what would be your biggest regret? What can you do now to make sure that it doesn’t happen?
Looking back on your life, have you made any mistakes before? What happened, and why?
What have you learned from those episodes?
What is your biggest frustration right now? What can you do about it?
What is the biggest thing you can do now, that will change your life for the better?
…How can you start working on that?
If you had a million dollars, what would you do with it?
Do you love your job? Why or why not?
What is your ideal career?
How can you start to create your ideal career starting today?
What is your ideal diet?
What do you need to do to achieve your ideal diet?
What is your ideal home like?
What do you need to do to achieve your ideal home?
What is your ideal physical look?
What do you need to do to achieve your ideal physical look?
What is your ideal life?
What can you do to start living your ideal life?
What would you want to say to yourself in 1 year’s time?
…3 years?
…5 years?
…10 years?
What do you fear most in life? Why?
Is there anything you are running away from?
Are you settling for less than what you are worth? Why?
What is your inner dialogue like? (Day 26 of Be a Better Me in 30 Days Program is about uncovering your limiting thoughts.)
What limiting beliefs are you holding on to?
Are they helping you achieve your goals?
If not, is it time to let them go?
What empowering beliefs can you take on to help you achieve your goals?
What bad habits do you want to break?
What good habits do you want to cultivate?
What are the biggest actions you can take now to create the biggest results in your life?
Where are you living right now — in the past, future, or present?
Are you living your life to the fullest right now?
What is the meaning of life?
What is your life purpose? Why do you exist? What is your mission?
How can you make your life more meaningful, starting today?
What drives you?
What are the times you are most inspired, most motivated, most charged up?
What did you do during those times? How can you do more of that starting today?
How can you change someone’s life for the better today?
Who are the 5 people you spend the most time with?
Are these people enabling you or holding you back?
What qualities do you want to embody? (Refer to Q7: Values and Q11: Ideal Self) Where can you meet people who embody these qualities?
Who inspire you the most?
How can you be like them?
What is your ideal life partner like?
Where can you find him/her?
How can you get to know him/her?
Are you afraid of letting others get close to you?
…Why?
Who is/are the most important person(s) to you in the world?
Are you giving them the attention you want to give?
How can you spend more time with them starting today?
What kind of person do you enjoy spending time with?
How can you be this person to others?
Who do you want to be like in 1 year?
…3 years?
…5 years?
…10 years?
Who are your mentors in life?